# Final-Capstone

Restaurant Predictor and Evaluator
 	We will be using the yelp review dataset for this capstone. Here is the link for the dataset. We will filter this dataset to show only restaurants. Most restaurant owners will read some or all of their reviews to get a feeling about where their business is going. For restaurants with hundreds of reviews, this can be very difficult. What we hope to do is summarize these reviews to provide constructive feedback. This is valuable to restaurant owners because it removes unnecessary guesswork and provides a more detailed means of evaluation besides star ratings. The feedback will consist of two parts. First, we will identify positive aspects of the restaurant (i.e. good service, amazing tacos, etc.). Second, we will identify negative aspects of the restaurant. 
For phase 1, we will divide the reviews into positive and negative reviews. To do this, we would first need to perform sentiment analysis on the Yelp reviews. We will apply a supervised learning approach to perform this using the star rating system to train the data. The reason that we are performing sentiment analysis is that we want to allow this model to be expandable to reviews that do not have star ratings such as Twitter or Facebook comments. The goal is to have a fitted model that can predict sentiment of rated and unrated reviews. Importing a Twitter or Facebook dataset is outside the scope of this capstone. Instead, we will perform a train/test split on the yelp reviews, then run several supervised learning models (i.e. random forest, logistic regression, etc.) and compare them.
For phase 2, we will perform topic modeling on the positive and negative reviews separately. Our goal is to find keywords from each to give us our positive and negative feedback. We will have to decide what text extraction method (BoW or tf-idf) and which dimensionality reduction (LSA, NNMF, or LDA) will make sense for this project. 
The hardest part of this project will be cleaning the text. If we remove the wrong words, we risk losing insight, but we leave too many in, unimportant words will crowd or misdirect the analysis. We will also have to be mindful of what words will be needed for each phase as some words are important for one phase but unimportant for another. This means that we may have to clean the text twice.
